Natalie Austin: Good morning, good afternoon. Excellent.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah. Can you hear me.
Yep.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay.
Natalie Austin: How are you
Zalan Rippeth: I'm okay, how are you
Good.
Natalie Austin: Your name is a
Zalan Rippeth: zealot. Yep.
Natalie Austin: I gotta write
Zalan Rippeth: Hold on one second.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, most people don't get it right.
Natalie Austin: Wow.
Natalie Austin: I'm not most people
Natalie Austin: Have you been in training before
Yeah, I'm currently
Zalan Rippeth: I'm currently going to a local place here but
Zalan Rippeth: I would like to change places. It's not a very, very good place.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, and your prescription prescription is still good right now.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah.
Zalan Rippeth: Couple more days or so or i go i go back Wednesday to get it refilled. As for the group.
Natalie Austin: Okay, it's 12 milligrams daily
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's an odd dose.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, I know.
Natalie Austin: Yeah so easy to do 888 twice a day, or once a days I don't work.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, I tried to get them to increase it because I still have cravings through about midday, maybe later in the day, but
Zalan Rippeth: It's a, it's a really weird facility. I think they mostly deal with people going through court and people that are being forced to go through there through, you know, the legal system. So they're
Zalan Rippeth: They're super. I don't know how to describe it, but
Zalan Rippeth: Very weird
Natalie Austin: I'm room.
Natalie Austin: To hold the phone. I don't
Natalie Austin: Even go in there.
Zalan Rippeth: It's only been a couple
Zalan Rippeth: weeks now.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: I'm a couple weeks. Okay. Did you go anywhere. Prior to that,
Zalan Rippeth: Though I've been getting
Zalan Rippeth: off the street before that.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you want to, you want to go with eight milligrams twice a day, then if the 12 isn't working. The 12 daily isn't working.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You can have. It's not holding you for 24 hour
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, that would be better, it's it's weird to they have one eight milligram, and the two to two milligrams yet.
Zalan Rippeth: To tues it would take to take up all at the same time.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, that's not
Zalan Rippeth: Supposed to be prescribed
Natalie Austin: That's probably why it's not
Natalie Austin: Working for you.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah I would assume it would work better if it was even just take a
Zalan Rippeth: Lot of the, the two twos later. I asked him about that. They said, No, just take all the same time.
Natalie Austin: It's like
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's funny.
Natalie Austin: I've been doing this since 2017 something. Yeah, three years.
Natalie Austin: You
Zalan Rippeth: Know, never heard that before.
Natalie Austin: Now,
Zalan Rippeth: That's crazy.
Zalan Rippeth: That's sounds about right for the
Zalan Rippeth: Talented southern
Natalie Austin: Oh, you're funny. Well, we'll get fixed. That's why you're here with us. We'll just fix it.
Natalie Austin: A big deal.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: I need to get your
Natalie Austin: Check the Ohio website here has all descriptions on it. So I have to get your
Natalie Austin: How do you spell your last name.
Zalan Rippeth: Alright, pp. Eth
Natalie Austin: Date of birth.
Zalan Rippeth: Oh, four to eight nights.
Natalie Austin: Same pharmacy, they
Zalan Rippeth: Actually they they dispense the prescription at the location here. But yeah, Walmart Walmart pharmacy. The address I'd give it as fun
Natalie Austin: Well, Walmart won't take the scripts for for this. They don't, they won't
Take them.
Zalan Rippeth: So, okay, do you know
Who
Natalie Austin: I'm anybody else will take them.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, I have multiple I'm
Natalie Austin: Not CVS.
Because they're
They're kind of
Natalie Austin: Fun now not CBS preferably not
Zalan Rippeth: preferably not okay. What about fruit pharmacy.
Zalan Rippeth: You
Natalie Austin: Know, but that's my that'll work.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Okay.
Zalan Rippeth: 456 now into
Natalie Austin: The other weeks, I look for that pharmacy while I do this here 456
Natalie Austin: I must be Spelling, your name wrong.
Natalie Austin: Zealand.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: Right or IPP eth
Right.
Natalie Austin: It was for 28 1996
Natalie Austin: Right. Oh, you just never had any prescription filled huh
Zalan Rippeth: No, no, they dispense this
Zalan Rippeth: At the actual facility.
Natalie Austin: Prescriptions anywhere. I mean anything, any opioids.
Natalie Austin: Narcotics
Zalan Rippeth: I mean,
Natalie Austin: I've had a
Zalan Rippeth: prescriptions filled when I had surgery. I don't, I, I assumed that would
Yes, we're something
Zalan Rippeth: Because I don't know. It might. That might have been at the holes or pharmacy.
Natalie Austin: At the actual hospital. Okay.
Zalan Rippeth: I don't know if that will show all all prescriptions ever filled but
Zalan Rippeth: I've had a lot of
Zalan Rippeth: A lot of different medicines filled
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah. Patient not found.
Zalan Rippeth: That show for every, every possible prescription ever
Natalie Austin: Well usually just shows
Natalie Austin: Opioids like narcotic.
gabapentin
Zalan Rippeth: I've had Roxy kowtowed prescribed, but that was around five years ago when I had surgery.
Zalan Rippeth: I don't know if
Natalie Austin: It's just started probably five years ago somebody that's why it's not in here.
Natalie Austin: In the state of Ohio or what state.
Zalan Rippeth: Yes. State of Ohio.
Natalie Austin: I checked Pennsylvania in West Virginia to nothing came up. Wow.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, that's the only
Zalan Rippeth: Products.
Zalan Rippeth: Postal code here.
Natalie Austin: 456929 says
Natalie Austin: Let's see.
Natalie Austin: I
Zalan Rippeth: Could have been filled in.
Zalan Rippeth: 45640 that's the city beside me, where all the pharmacies are
Natalie Austin: 45615040400
Natalie Austin: Patient we were unable to find this patient.
Zalan Rippeth: Yo, yo, April.
Natalie Austin: April 28 1996
Zalan Rippeth: Right, April 28 1936
Natalie Austin: Salem repurpose
Natalie Austin: It might have put your name in wrong or something.
Natalie Austin: Honest fuzzy and see if anything comes up, they might have spell your name wrong.
Natalie Austin: Da LA. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You don't have a different last name. Did you
Zalan Rippeth: Go.
Natalie Austin: rip this rip eth. Yep.
Natalie Austin: So bizarre.
Zalan Rippeth: Would they prescribe would, it would it be my mom's name or do they do that.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Zalan Rippeth: If I was under age.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Oh, I don't know how old are you now I'm
Zalan Rippeth: 23 now. But what I had appendicitis. You got the appendix surgery. That's what I got the wrong codes.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Zalan Rippeth: And it's
Natalie Austin: I might have been 17. I'm not sure how
Natalie Austin: That could be why okay don't worry about it.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you're 23 okay
Natalie Austin: Anyways, um,
Natalie Austin: What is did you find a pharmacy.
Zalan Rippeth: Oh, yeah.
Zalan Rippeth: If this if they accept this fruit farm. You want the address.
Natalie Austin: just gave it a name. The first name, it'll pop up once I populated.
Zalan Rippeth: Or fruits
Zalan Rippeth: ARE YOU TH pharmacy.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: What's the zip code for that. That's all I need.
Zalan Rippeth: 456
Natalie Austin: Sigma. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Let me see.
Natalie Austin: And did you get the tablets or the film.
Zalan Rippeth: The tablets.
Natalie Austin: And that's the before and after. No locks down. Yeah.
Right.
Zalan Rippeth: Here's why you would have seen this.
Natalie Austin: The other prescription
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, I have it here.
Natalie Austin: You have Walmart in here right now I'm going to change that.
Zalan Rippeth: They don't do that.
Natalie Austin: Are you ah
Natalie Austin: Yeah comes up.
Natalie Austin: We'll send it to their for you. Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: And your cell phone is 5777149, is that correct
Zalan Rippeth: Correct. Okay.
Natalie Austin: It'll say it'll send you
Natalie Austin: A text message. Whenever I send it, it comes from like good Rx or something. But that's me just setting the prescription
Zalan Rippeth: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So tell me about your opioid story like what happened, how you got started, what everything. Are you gonna
Natalie Austin: Have an accident.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, well, I
Zalan Rippeth: I smoked a lot of we and did just
Zalan Rippeth: menial types of drugs when I was younger, like
Natalie Austin: Started smoking cigarettes if
Zalan Rippeth: We was like 1314 and then the appendicitis happen and that was the first time I'd ever tried, I got the Roxy. Roxy fives and if they prescribe me 60 which in my opinion is way too much and
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, wow.
Zalan Rippeth: That yeah I was only down for like three days. It wasn't even that bad.
Zalan Rippeth: But I started taking them and really enjoyed them. So I stopped. I took them all and after that it was just locating Percocet and biking and and
Zalan Rippeth: Any kind of hydrocodone or oxycodone or industry. Okay. It is or pretty much any, any kind of opiate covers all
Zalan Rippeth: Through my high school years. And after high school and
Zalan Rippeth: In the past year and a half or so I've, I've not done any opiates. Well, besides buprenorphine. I've been taking Suboxone but that's been off the street, trying to
Zalan Rippeth: I assume it's a lot a lot better. How you don't get totally fucked up and
Zalan Rippeth: D motivated
Zalan Rippeth: That's pretty much
Zalan Rippeth: A short story just had surgery.
Zalan Rippeth: Prescribed them and got hooked
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And what was that
Zalan Rippeth: 17 or 18 or whatever. I got the surgery.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Zalan Rippeth: I know it's still in high school, so
Zalan Rippeth: I had to be
Zalan Rippeth: By the bit under age.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, there's no real there's no age discrimination for opioids.
Natalie Austin: Right, yeah. So
Natalie Austin: And then. So after that, after you were prescribed the rock two sets at age 17 after your surgery.
Natalie Austin: You um
Natalie Austin: They wouldn't give you any more prescriptions. So you had to get them off the streets are
Zalan Rippeth: Right. That was just local people. I do get a I would pretty much get anything that was available Percocet.
Zalan Rippeth: Bike it is okay. It is any kind of hydrocodone oxycodone that people have. And that's all I did. I wasn't, I wasn't into
Zalan Rippeth: Benzodiazepines I never took them or anything just strictly was into opiates. Yep.
Natalie Austin: And then, did you ever do IV drugs to to get. Did you get the heroin.
Zalan Rippeth: No, no, no.
Zalan Rippeth: Smoke hair would like to two times but never
Zalan Rippeth: Never got into that radius.
OK.
Natalie Austin: OK, so you so then you started buying subs off the street.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Zalan Rippeth: The past year maybe 14 months maybe 18 months or so. So about the street and then
Zalan Rippeth: Just recently went to the
Natalie Austin: Treatment Facility, the local treatment facility. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you weren't happy there that treatment facility.
Zalan Rippeth: The like I said it.
Zalan Rippeth: The see everyone there's through the court system. They do accept people, you know, just going
Natalie Austin: On their own terms, but
Zalan Rippeth: It's a very, it's it's really weird and they don't
Zalan Rippeth: They don't listen to you really
Zalan Rippeth: They're supposed to do counseling.
But
Zalan Rippeth: They I haven't been notified yet all
Zalan Rippeth: About my counseling.
Natalie Austin: Appointments or
Zalan Rippeth: Anything even that's supposed to already start
Zalan Rippeth: To really weird.
Zalan Rippeth: I think, I think it's very corrupted because that's just the date of the Cape Town.
Natalie Austin: What town you live in.
Natalie Austin: And what's the name of the company.
Zalan Rippeth: Well, Wilson, Ohio. Oh, it's it's southern Ohio a treatment center.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay.
Zalan Rippeth: There, there, in Jackson beside me.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I never heard of it.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, it's probably a good day. They're terrible.
Natalie Austin: Um, no. And they don't have any other options.
Natalie Austin: The only option, man.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, the closest one to me. Besides that are in there about our way and I worked every
Worked every day but Saturday.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you work today.
Zalan Rippeth: So I do work today.
Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay. Oh, yeah.
Zalan Rippeth: Five o'clock.
Natalie Austin: Okay, nice.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So you're not are you on withdrawal. Now you're not since you have something that's good. Okay.
Zalan Rippeth: Right. I've already taken my desk today.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: We're doing this year.
Natalie Austin: OK.
Natalie Austin: OK, let's go under the past medical history, do you have any diabetes, heart disease,
Natalie Austin: thyroid disease, cancer, anxiety, depression,
Natalie Austin: They get nominated all that. Okay, so just just opioid use disorder as it or of your abuse. That's it.
Zalan Rippeth: Was prescribed with as well.
Zalan Rippeth: And I did a lot of
Zalan Rippeth: Our beautiful, you know, beautiful treatments. I did a lot of those when I was younger, but that is
Zalan Rippeth: Basically subsided.
Zalan Rippeth: And that was only when I was eight to 12 years old.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah. Yeah, it sounds good as my usually grow out of that. That's good.
Natalie Austin: Right, I haven't eaten inhaler. For years, then right
Zalan Rippeth: Nope. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Suppressed so I'll just put child sad childhood asthma or the past medical history.
Natalie Austin: You smoke tobacco.
Natalie Austin: Okay, it's back
Zalan Rippeth: To this book.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and
Natalie Austin: You have not used marijuana to marijuana use
Zalan Rippeth: Later.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay, good.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: childhood asthma.
Natalie Austin: Surgeries list all the surgeries, you
Natalie Austin: Use
The
Natalie Austin: We had the appendix for me.
Zalan Rippeth: When I was like four or five years old, I had
Zalan Rippeth: Right at four or five I had some facial surgery for I had some problems with my teeth and then
Zalan Rippeth: When I was 18 or 19 I have my wisdom teeth. Take it out.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: The facial surgery was that like, that's all the stories of how was that for your teeth and the facial surgeon. I was more dental
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, yeah. Was did tool, but it was in the hospital and it was like I was in there for like a week.
Zalan Rippeth: I don't know. I don't even remember what it was because I was so young.
Zalan Rippeth: I was like three to five years old, very, very young and but yeah I'm not really sure what it was for. It was related to dental problems, though.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay did
Zalan Rippeth: He did it and I have the wisdom to
Natalie Austin: Surgery. Okay, and he still have your gallbladder and tonsils.
Zalan Rippeth: Right, okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, and then that says, For the past surgical history then family history or your parents still alive.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, both alive divorced
Natalie Austin: Or they are they
Natalie Austin: were alive and well. Did they have any problem any diseases, cancer, diabetes,
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, by Bob was diagnosed with like the first stages of emphysema.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay, and
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, that's it, actually.
Natalie Austin: And your dad's logging well
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, he's yeah
Zalan Rippeth: He's good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: How old. How old are each of them.
Zalan Rippeth: What's the Super Bowl. Is it because that's how
Natalie Austin: You have to Google and
Natalie Austin: It's funny.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay 52
Natalie Austin: Is your dad. Are they both
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah yeah it my dad's 52 and my Bob
Zalan Rippeth: says she's roughly
Natalie Austin: 45
Zalan Rippeth: EXACTLY SURE OF THEIR his or her age.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's fine. I'm 45 any brothers or sisters
Zalan Rippeth: One brother and one sister.
Natalie Austin: No, they do they have any illnesses.
Zalan Rippeth: Though they're good. They
Natalie Austin: Are they older younger
Natalie Austin: Both older. Okay. So you're the baby huh
Zalan Rippeth: I have the baby.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Good. Let's go under Social History. Um, no tobacco use no IV drug use any alcohol use.
Zalan Rippeth: Or yeah yeah tobacco use.
Natalie Austin: Definitely. I'm sorry. Yep, tobacco use. How much do you smoke.
Zalan Rippeth: About 10 cigarettes a day, half a pack.
Natalie Austin: And then no IV drug use.
Natalie Austin: Know marijuana use KNOW, BEN'S those, that's good. And what about alcohol.
Natalie Austin: Alcohol is good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you employed disable looking for work.
Zalan Rippeth: Employed
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's right. Yeah. What do you do
Zalan Rippeth: Just a general clutter and maintenance for
Natalie Austin: dialysis centers. Oh, nice.
Nice.
Zalan Rippeth: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes, I, I worked in Reno for seven years. I, I saw my patients, a lot of that resonates medical
Zalan Rippeth: Center. Oh, I
Zalan Rippeth: See, you're super familiar with. I see every day.
Natalie Austin: I am 100% that's cool. Wow.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Oh, you see a lot of nasty stuff on the floor, I'm sure.
Zalan Rippeth: A lot of nasty.
Zalan Rippeth: Stuff. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I hope you wear your hazmat
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, they actually just I got a message this morning. And now we have every worker has to wear facemasks because of the virus.
Natalie Austin: Stuff. Yeah.
Zalan Rippeth: I am not allowed to go into the facility until
Zalan Rippeth: All the water is gone now. It has to wear a
Zalan Rippeth: Mask at all times.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: So you're employed full time. That's great.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Married single divorced never married
Zalan Rippeth: Single. Okay, good. They were buried to go
Natalie Austin: Do you have any kids.
Natalie Austin: No kids. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. I think it's good for that end up going to allergies and medications. Do you have any allergies.
Zalan Rippeth: I have general allergies to like Paulin butchered grasses trees AWS cats and dogs.
Natalie Austin: Know it's like allergic.
Zalan Rippeth: rhinitis right though no medical allergies do medications.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you taking any other medications like vitamins or anything.
Zalan Rippeth: Oh, I take like multi minerals
Zalan Rippeth: Boron and
Zalan Rippeth: Be six and stuff but no prescription medications just fine. That's
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Nothing for depression, you don't have the pressure. No.
Zalan Rippeth: No.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: rhinitis.
Natalie Austin: You sound stuffy, yeah.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah. My nose is completely
Zalan Rippeth: stoked.
Natalie Austin: Ah,
Natalie Austin: Is it from animals or duster, you know,
Zalan Rippeth: He. I think it's a combination of the pollen count is really high right now around here and
Zalan Rippeth: We do, we do have a dog, but he usually doesn't bother me. I think, I think it's the pollen.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Gone to review systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, body a leg cramps, headaches,
Zalan Rippeth: Negative
Negative
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: 14 point system essentially negative. So you just put all 14 systems in there as negative except for under nose, I guess you can just nasal positive for nasal congestion. Yes.
Natalie Austin: And negative any suicidal thoughts.
Natalie Austin: Go. No, I have to ask that just as part of our mental evaluation. Okay, good. Can we have a we have a
Natalie Austin: Slight component to our company.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: If I already know that.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Um so review systems completed physical examination, you will cover like 12 systems in the exam.
Natalie Austin: General. What about owners white male distress at AMP T Perla
Natalie Austin: Lungs knowledge restorations admin on the standard extremities and do a
Natalie Austin: musculoskeletal five slash five skin rashes.
Natalie Austin: Cycle or two times three pleasant cooperative neuro to cranial nerves to through 12 and tact and I tell you the first
Natalie Austin: GI know urinary symptoms.
Natalie Austin: I'm all the systems are negative.
Natalie Austin: Next line assessment one allergic rhinitis childhood asthma. This list all four of them childhood asthma, allergic rhinitis tobacco use opioid abuse this F1 1.10
Natalie Austin: Next line plan.
Natalie Austin: Will start
Natalie Austin: Suboxone therapy eight slash two tablets one POV ID.
Zalan Rippeth: Oh, no.
Natalie Austin: That's okay, you probably have to start this at the start video. OK.
OK.
Natalie Austin: Suboxone therapy one eight slash two tablets one POV ID. I just spent one week's worth today.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you probably won't need it for, what, two days or so right tomorrow Wednesday.
Zalan Rippeth: Wednesday.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah so
Natalie Austin: I'm nervous refills.
Natalie Austin: Sent to fruit pharmacy Fr. YOU TH
Natalie Austin: Next line mental health exam completed not non suicidal next line tobacco abused. This
Natalie Austin: Disorder just fast recommended tobacco cessation.
Natalie Austin: A monthly urine drug screens monthly or a. Oh. Oh. A RS tracked
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: What I'm complete labs, like the initial labs, they're going to send you a lab slip
Natalie Austin: Did you get an email labs slips yet.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, they actually said we're unable to locate a Quest Diagnostics with a distance.
Zalan Rippeth: The lady. Yeah, she told me to just find a lab that's close to be and what do I have to do. Just give them
Zalan Rippeth: The look occasion of the lab.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay, the best
Possible.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay.
Natalie Austin: A hockey little, little toggle fax it over to them. Yeah, hospital works.
Natalie Austin: There's a lot of the outpatient center usually sit like a registration that just registered and his lab there that'll work.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay, I'm gonna do that McCall the local hospital here after so Holzer would work older
Natalie Austin: Than work.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay yeah i would i would do that after we get off here.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then what to do weekly
Natalie Austin: Medical Group meetings with Rochelle weekly medical management MEETINGS WITH ME WITH NATALIE Austin.
Natalie Austin: Recommend playing living him.
Natalie Austin: Think what else coastlines send a copy to Dr. Jamison for cosine
Natalie Austin: I think that's everything. Oh, recommend individual counseling, as well as that in there.
Natalie Austin: If you want the individual counseling. They can set you up for that too. And then, if not we have group counts.
Natalie Austin: We have group counseling on Thursdays, they'll send you an email about that.
Natalie Austin: And then I'll be it on the meeting. Michelle and I are in the mix together on Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: And then if you need whatever you need refills for your medicines.
Natalie Austin: I'll refill it. Then at that time.
Natalie Austin: on Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: And, um, it's going to be like weekly you'll, you'll get scripts weekly for at least a month or six weeks if you're
Natalie Austin: A 10 of all the groups and you go, your yearns done in your labs, then we can go to two weeks and then four weeks.
Natalie Austin: So let's get your script monthly. Okay.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay so uh the script that you called it, do it. When should I go pick that up.
Natalie Austin: Um, I would call since we're done here. Oops, I put it in sales. We've gone since we started
Natalie Austin: Should be ready by the time we're done.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay, okay. I was just will do
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I like to do that ahead of time in case they call have complaints or something.
Natalie Austin: I'm still talking to you. I can say I have them on the phone, you know, have them here with me.
Natalie Austin: And they haven't called yet so
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, it should be good there. They've always been a good
Zalan Rippeth: Oversee
Zalan Rippeth: My favorite is useless for videos.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that I gave them my cell phone number. So no one's called since I've been on the phone with you. So that's good news.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay, you're right.
Natalie Austin: Well, we got through yes I would just sit her down here I call to say, is my script ready for pickup probably should be
Natalie Austin: Ok, ok, and it will do it yeah individual weekly
Natalie Austin: Weekly counseling individual counseling as needed. Now that you own. If you need individual counseling or not, the group would suffice. Probably, but it's up to you. Whatever you want to do. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and then you work a lot but
Natalie Austin: You know, whatever your
Natalie Austin: Whatever you feel you need. OK.
Zalan Rippeth: OK, I can, I can just request that whatever
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Zalan Rippeth: I'm here. Okay, cool.
Good.
Natalie Austin: I'm Daniella questions for me.
Zalan Rippeth: The lab. So whatever ice, I guess, give. Do I just call it the, the, our health lied. It looked at know about the information. Yes, it will. Will they
Zalan Rippeth: Tell me like a appointment time or should will the hospital told me that, you know, that'll work.
Natalie Austin: Hmm, I don't know, probably send your lab slip over to the hospital and this usually just walk ins, they don't. I don't think they take appointments
Natalie Austin: Okay, plus
Natalie Austin: I know quest takes appointments
Natalie Austin: But I don't think the hospital does. I don't believe so.
Zalan Rippeth: So it's just whatever you go in it as long as there's a lab slip there you'll just get immediately.
Zalan Rippeth: Go through the test.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you gotta sign in, you know, with your insurance whatever sign your sign your name, like a sign in sheet, then they'll call you if there's 10 people had to you. You gotta wait for a little bit was no one, and they'll probably take you right back.
Natalie Austin: Depending on how many is there.
Saturday.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, I have a lot of experience in waiting rooms.
Natalie Austin: And as nice as
Zalan Rippeth: The best
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Thanks guys for phones today, how we can just play on our phones.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah yeah
Zalan Rippeth: Not joking.
I know
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah. So you call back and just tell them, and that's where you want to send it
Natalie Austin: You want them to send the lab slip in the urine drug screening, they can do both of them there.
Natalie Austin: And then the drug screens will come on the monthly
Natalie Austin: Drug the drug screens will be monthly
Zalan Rippeth: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And the labs. I think it's just one time. So that should be that should be the only time you need blood drawn
Zalan Rippeth: All right.
And I
Zalan Rippeth: Think. Yes. So the question I had was just wondering about the labs.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and then you they will send you an email about the Thursday meeting it was one o'clock I she might have changed it to noon. I'm not hundred percent, but those will send you an email with the time and the room number
Natalie Austin: To call into
Zalan Rippeth: Okay, it'll be different from this one right
Natalie Austin: Yeah, this one's my own. This is my zoom room.
Natalie Austin: And Rochelle has her own zoom room for individual counseling and then whenever we have group. It's a different room number every week.
Zalan Rippeth: How many people are in the group.
Natalie Austin: That about 13
Natalie Austin: Okay, it's pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: I mean, she's she has a whole presentation. She covered some really cool topics. She has a whole presentation. She does. And everyone coming
Natalie Austin: I mean you can mute your phone and just listen and then she'll ask people's opinions, you know, what do you think of this, what do you think of that and you're you can interject, you know, and add to the group at your will, whatever you feel
Zalan Rippeth: That sounds pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: It is
Zalan Rippeth: A lot better. The, the place here. I'm telling you.
Zalan Rippeth: Oh, you'd
Zalan Rippeth: Be surprised that how it is how thread.
Natalie Austin: That's crazy. It's
Zalan Rippeth: It's probably not going to use our
Natalie Austin: It's probably not gonna last very long of us run that poorly.
Zalan Rippeth: So yeah, I don't
See
Zalan Rippeth: This town has the
Zalan Rippeth: It's who knows who and the politics are so corrupt here.
Zalan Rippeth: It is it
Natalie Austin: Is terrible just
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, it's really bad.
Zalan Rippeth: Oh, I appreciate you guys be able to help me though.
Zalan Rippeth: Because I really wanted to get the
Natalie Austin: Ah, I'm so glad
Zalan Rippeth: Hope drive and our
Natalie Austin: Um, I'll put a note in here real quick before I let you go.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: glad I'm glad we're here to help you. That's what we're here for.
Zalan Rippeth: That's amazing. Yeah, I was surprised that this was even available because
Zalan Rippeth: It's just a really
Zalan Rippeth: Cool, how long, how long have you worked for heart.
Natalie Austin: Um, I ACTUALLY JUST STARTED IN JUNE I got hired in November, but I didn't start till January.
Natalie Austin: So this is new for i've been i've been doing telemedicine for three years. So box them.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay, and
Natalie Austin: Another company I did for three years in Pennsylvania. So I just switched over to this company.
Natalie Austin: Cool, yeah.
Zalan Rippeth: I didn't even don't tell him that I said was a fake till two weeks ago.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, it's amazing.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I had a crazy it is
Natalie Austin: Yours was checked.
Natalie Austin: Checked
Natalie Austin: Sense to
Natalie Austin: FR YOU TH pharmacy.
Zalan Rippeth: If I have a problem there. Say, I mean, I assume they would have contacted you but if I have an issue. Should I reach out
Natalie Austin: Yep, just call back to our 201 800 number
Zalan Rippeth: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: That way, um, but like I said, they probably would have called me by now because I send the script to them for the last patience and I do it electronically and within a minute. They called me so they get it pretty quickly. They call me like
Natalie Austin: It was CVS, they, they, like we have a problem. Oh my god. Okay.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah, I read CVS and Walgreens were there.
Zalan Rippeth: Something happened with them, they were out of the network or something.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, the offerings is out of your net. Why don't care sources network.
Natalie Austin: Okay, CBS CBS has some other issue. I don't know what's going on. I'm gonna call them, but that doesn't the CVS covers your with your insurance. They just have a problem with the medicine.
Zalan Rippeth: Okay, I think.
For me,
Zalan Rippeth: I think they are. I'm not sure. I think CVS or Walgreens are owned by the same company, I think.
Zalan Rippeth: So,
It's
Zalan Rippeth: Probably good the finger from the top down.
Natalie Austin: You're right. That's good. I didn't know that that's probably why.
Natalie Austin: Hurting people to use anything but CVS Walmart's already out, not even the running game.
Zalan Rippeth: Wall bar just doesn't carry the medicines.
Natalie Austin: Yep. Stay out. They sent a statement out a couple years ago, I worked in pain management like five years ago. And that's when they send a statement out, we will not write for opiates at all. And that includes Suboxone and, like, a year later, they add is the box on in there, they won't treat
Natalie Austin: They won't fill up yet or Suboxone scripts, so
Natalie Austin: They just lump it all together now.
Natalie Austin: I know it's just
Natalie Austin: That policy.
Natalie Austin: I don't know why this their CEO just came up with that.
Natalie Austin: I mean, I think at the time, there was an issue with, you know, a lot of pharmacies are getting robbed. You know, it was kind of crazy.
Natalie Austin: So I think that's kind of what Rama.
Natalie Austin: Ties crazy. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Around that time, I think. So they just didn't want to be part of it, I guess.
Natalie Austin: That way that's more for the mom. The mom and pop stores can no benefit like your store your pharmacy them on pod.
Zalan Rippeth: Right, yeah.
Natalie Austin: So that's beneficial to the small businesses just which is fine.
Zalan Rippeth: It's probably good. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: So we said, when they first made that same investable the mom and pop businesses or no.
Natalie Austin: Benefit, which is good. So
Zalan Rippeth: Good.
Zalan Rippeth: For her
Zalan Rippeth: Phil and I do Walgreens was out, but
Zalan Rippeth: Did not know CBS did not
Zalan Rippeth: Do that, either.
Natalie Austin: Will see me as just has an issue with my scripts, because I work in Pennsylvania and Ohio.
Natalie Austin: So it's something they have with the problem with me personally.
Thank
Natalie Austin: You get if you get another doctor let Mike go through a doctor in Ohio, so I
Natalie Austin: Call corporate I have to call their corporate to try to figure out what's going on, but
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions.
Zalan Rippeth: I'm good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, well you gotta take a nap before you go to work.
Zalan Rippeth: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll see you either this Thursday or next Thursday, whatever group they put you in. OK.
Zalan Rippeth: OK.
Natalie Austin: OK, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Nice meeting you.
Zalan Rippeth: Thank you. That's good. You too.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Bye bye.